Add the option to disable caching in SlackV3 (#16177)
demisto/content: Packs/Slack/Integrations/SlackV3/README.md

    | `proxy_url` | Proxy URL to use in Slack API calls. | False |
    | `filtered_tags` | Comma-separated list of tags by which to filter the messages sent from XSOAR. Only supported in Cortex XSOAR V6.1 and above. | False |
    | `permitted_notifications` | Types of Notifications to send in the dedicated channel. | False |
    | `common_channels` | For workspaces where a handful of channels are consistently being used, you may add them as a CSV in the format ChannelName:ChannelID. | False |

>     | `safe_mode` | When enabled, Safe Mode will prevent the integration from paginating to search for Users or Conversations. Additionally, it will prevent excess data from being stored to the integration context. | False |

Author: The `False` just means that it's not required, but since it's a boolean required or not, we already set it.

>     | `safe_mode` | When enabled, Safe Mode will prevent the integration from paginating to search for Users or Conversations. Additionally, it will prevent excess data from being stored to the integration context. | False |

Author: The default on the yml and in the `init_globals` is True.

    | `proxy_url` | Proxy URL to use in Slack API calls. | False |
    | `filtered_tags` | Comma-separated list of tags by which to filter the messages sent from XSOAR. Only supported in Cortex XSOAR V6.1 and above. | False |
    | `permitted_notifications` | Types of Notifications to send in the dedicated channel. | False |
    | `common_channels` | For workspaces where a handful of channels are consistently being used, you may add them as a CSV in the format ChannelName:ChannelID. | False |
    | `disable_caching` | When configured, Disable Caching will prevent the integration from paginating to search for Users or Conversations. Additionally, it will prevent excess data from being stored to the integration context. If this parameter is disabled, the instance may create high memory usage. | False |

4. Click **Test** to validate the URLs, token, and connection.

### Caching

> When the `Disable Caching` parameter is configured, there are no pagination calls made to Slack. This is to avoid rate limiting which can occur in workspaces where there are excessive amounts of channels or users. If a command worked for you prior to version 2.3.0, please try disabling the `Disable Caching` parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the `Disable Caching of Users and Channels` parameter is configured, there are no pagination calls made to Slack. This is to avoid rate limiting which can occur in workspaces where there are excessive amounts of channels or users. If there were no timeout issues with running commands on your environment prior to pack version 2.3.0, there is no direct need to enable this mode.
```

Additionally. with the `Common Channels` parameter configured, channels, and their ID's found in this parameter will be accessible to the integration to use while caching is disabled.

#### Finding a Channel ID
`Common Channels` follows the format, `First ChannelName:FirstChannelID, Second ChannelName:SecondChannelID`. To find the channel ID for the channels that are frequently used, please refer to the following steps:
1. Navigate to the channel you wish to retrieve an ID for.
2. Click the name of the channel.
3. On the bottom of the presented menu, the channel ID can be found.

Channel IDs typically follow the format `C` + Alphanumeric string.

![locate-channel-id](../../doc_files/SlackDocs_channel_id.png)

> **Warning** - While `Disable Caching` parameter is enabled, it can lead to the integration context becoming too large. This can adversely effect performance.

Reviewer: I think this is no longer relevant
